# Privacy Policy #
**Last updated:** November 7, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

In general, Archivist (“the Bot”) does not collect, compile, or store data about You long term. What small amount of data is collected will never be sold for any purpose and would only be provided to a third party if required by law. Only the data required to perform the Bot's functions or to troubleshoot issues are collected.

## INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS ##
### Interpretation ###
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions ###
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
- **Account** means your account created through Discord.
- **Application** means the Discord application invited to any server you own or are a member of, named Archivist
- **Bot** (referred to as either "the Bot" in this Agreement) refers to Archivist.
- **Developer** ("We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) is Discord user enigmalea#6509.
- **Host** is [PebbleHost](https://pebblehost.com).
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the server ID collected to create settings for a server when the Bot is added).
- **User** (referred to as "the User" or "You") means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the Bot, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
### Types of Data Collected ##
Usage and Personal Data is collected automatically when using the Service. The Bot collects the following information for two different entities:

#### Guild Usage Data ####
The Bot stores the guild ("server") ID of all servers which invite the bot. This ID is used only to provide the server with server specific settings, such as customizing the embed information displayed for fanfics.

No information concerning which users are members of a server ("membership data") is collected or accessed at any point as it isn't needed for the Bot's functions.

#### User Usage Data ####
Information concerning individual users' usage is stored in a log of events. The log is only accessed by the Bot's Developer when ratelimiting occurs in order to identify potential issues or exploits in the Bot's coding. It is not used for regular debugging or resolving of issues.

The log consists of:
- embed information being sent to Discord, which logs the specific works, users, series, and chapters requested by users. There is no log of which user requested this embed.

## USE OF AND ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
The Bot may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
 - **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to perform analysis on usage impacting the Bot's ability to perform our Service.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
 - **With Your consent:** We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

Personal and Usage data collected is only directly accessible by the Developer at this time. There is no additional support staff working for the Bot or the Developer who can access Your information.

## RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
The Developer will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with Our legal obligations (for example, if We are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws).

## TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed and stored by Host and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers and servers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Developer will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
### Law enforcement ###
Under certain circumstances, the Developer may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements ##
The Developer may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Bot
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ##
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## CHILDREN'S PRIVACY ##
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from the Host.

Since all Personal and Usage Data is accessed through Discord, any parent who becomes aware their child has provided Personal Data to the Bot should take steps to follow-up with Discord here. Their Privacy Policy contains instructions.

## LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES ##
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## HOW TO REQUEST YOUR DATA ##
Since no message data is logged and there is no information concerning the User the embed was requested by, the Developer is unable to provide copies of specific data pertaining to the User.

Only server owners may ask to see the server information in the database. You will be asked to provide evidence You own the server before your request is fulfilled. To make a request for a copy of the server information:
- join the [support server](https://discord.gg/FzhC9bVFva), and request that the Developer provide You a copy. Requests will be fulfilled via Discord DM file transfer in 3-5 business days.

## HOW TO DELETE YOUR DATA ##
#### Guild/Server ####
Server Usage Data is deleted automatically when the Bot is kicked from the server. This means no data concerning your Server (including the Server ID or what settings you've chosen) remains in the Bot's database.

The Bot automatically rebuilds the settings concerning your server as long as the Bot is present, so there is no way to feasibly delete the settings information unless you discontinue use of the Bot.

#### User ####
Logs are deleted manually by the Developer no less frequently than once a quarter, though We strive to delete them once a month on or about the first Saturday of the month.

If you would like to request the logs be deleted immediately, you may join the support server and ask the Developer to delete the logs. Log deletion requests will be fulfilled within 3-5 business days.

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY ##
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via post in the support server, Twitter, or other Official Communication, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## CONTACT US ##
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us via email at **botarchivist@gmail.com**, or join the [support server](https://discord.gg/FzhC9bVFva) to ask any questions.